**Question 10:**
Bias is

- Options:
  - A. A class of learning algorithm that tries to find an optimum classification of a set of examples using the probabilistic theory
  - B. Any mechanism employed by a learning system to constrain the search space of a hypothesis
  - C. An approach to the design of learning algorithms that is inspired by the fact that when people encounter new situations, they often explain them by reference to familiar experiences, adapting the explanations to fit the new situation.
  - D. None of these

**Correct Option:** B. Any mechanism employed by a learning system to constrain the search space of a hypothesis

**Explanation:** Yes, the answer is correct.

---

**Question 11:**
Background knowledge referred to

- Options:
  - A. Additional acquaintance used by a learning algorithm to facilitate the learning process
  - B. A neural network that makes use of a hidden layer
  - C. It is a form of automatic learning
  - D. None of these

**Correct Option:** A. Additional acquaintance used by a learning algorithm to facilitate the learning process

**Explanation:** Yes, the answer is correct.

---

**Question 12:**
Which of the following is the other name of Data mining?

- Options:
  - A. Exploratory data analysis
  - B. Data driven discovery
  - C. Deductive learning
  - D. All of the above

**Correct Option:** D. All of the above

**Explanation:** Yes, the answer is correct.

---

**Question 13:**
Classification consists of examining the properties of a newly presented observation and assigning it to a predefined ________.

- Options:
  - A. Object
  - B. Container
  - C. Subject
  - D. Class

**Correct Option:** D. Class

**Explanation:** Yes, the answer is correct.

---

**Question 14:**
During business hours, most ______ systems should probably not use parallel execution.

- Options:
  - A. OLAP
  - B. DSS
  - C. Data Mining
  - D. OLTP

**Correct Option:** D. OLTP

**Explanation:** Yes, the answer is correct.

---

**Question 15:**
In contrast to statistics, data mining is ______ driven.

- Options:
  - A. Assumption
  - B. Knowledge
  - C. Human
  - D. Database

**Correct Option:** B. Knowledge

**Explanation:** Yes, the answer is correct.

---

**Question 16:**
Data mining derives its name from the similarities between searching for valuable business information in a large database, for example, finding linked products in gigabytes of store scanner data, and mining a mountain for a _________ of valuable ore.

- Options:
  - A. Furrow
  - B. Streak
  - C. Trough
  - D. Vein

**Correct Option:** D. Vein

**Explanation:** Yes, the answer is correct.

---
