---

**Question 52:**
Data can be updated in _____environment

- Options:
  - A. data warehouse
  - B. data mining
  - C. operational
  - D. informational

**Correct Option:** C. operational

**Explanation:** Yes, the answer is correct.

---

**Question 53:**
___________ is a good alternative to the star schema

- Options:
  - A. Star schema
  - B. Snowflake schema
  - C. Fact constellation
  - D. Star-snowflake schema

**Correct Option:** C. Fact constellation

**Explanation:** No, the answer is incorrect.

---

**Question 54:**
Rule based classification algorithms generate ______ rule to perform the classification

- Options:
  - A. if-then
  - B. while
  - C. do while
  - D. switch

**Correct Option:** A. if-then

**Explanation:** Yes, the answer is correct.

---

**Question 55:**
Given a frequent item set L, if |L|=K then there are

- Options:
  - A. 2K - 1 Candidate association rules
  - B. 2K Candidate association rules
  - C. 2K - 2 Candidate association rules
  - D. 2K - 2 Candidate association rules

**Correct Option:** D. 2K - 2 Candidate association rules

**Explanation:** No, the answer is incorrect.

---

**Question 56:**
The important aspect of the data warehouse environment is that data found within the data warehouse is___________.

- Options:
  - A. subject-oriented
  - B. time-variant
  - C. integrated
  - D. All of the above

**Correct Option:** D. All of the above

**Explanation:** Yes, the answer is correct.

---

**Question 57:**
____________predicts future trends & behaviors, allowing business managers to make proactive, knowledge-driven decisions.

- Options:
  - A. Data warehouse
  - B. Data mining
  - C. Data marts
  - D. Metadata

**Correct Option:** B. Data mining

**Explanation:** Yes, the answer is correct.

---

**Question 58:**
Which Association rule would you prefer

- Options:
  - A. High support and low confidence
  - B. low support and high confidence
  - C. low support and low confidence
  - D. high support and ,medium confidence

**Correct Option:** B. low support and high confidence

**Explanation:** Yes, the answer is correct.

---

**Question 59:**
A data warehouse is _____________

- Options:
  - A. updated by end users
  - B. contains numerous naming conventions and formats
  - C. organized around important subject areas
  - D. contains only current data

**Correct Option:** C. organized around important subject areas

**Explanation:** Yes, the answer is correct.

---

**Question 60:**
The active data warehouse architecture includes __________

- Options:
  - A. at least one data mart
  - B. data that can extracted from numerous internal and external sources
  - C. near real-time updates
  - D. all of the above

**Correct Option:** D. all of the above

**Explanation:** Yes, the answer is correct.

---
