    ---

**Question 85:**
Decision Nodes are represented by ____________

- Options:
  - A. Disks
  - B. Squares
  - C. Circles
  - D. Triangles

**Correct Option:** B. Squares

**Explanation:** Yes, the answer is correct.

---

**Question 86:**
Following are the advantage/s of Decision Trees. Choose that apply

- Options:
  - A. Possible Scenarios can be added
  - B. Use a white box model, If given result is provided by a model
  - C. Worst, best and expected values can be determined for different scenarios
  - D. All of the mentioned

**Correct Option:** D. All of the mentioned

**Explanation:** Yes, the answer is correct.

---

**Question 87:**
Discovery of cross-sales opportunities is called ________________

- Options:
  - A. segmentation
  - B. visualization
  - C. correction
  - D. association

**Correct Option:** D. association

**Explanation:** Yes, the answer is correct.

---

**Question 88:**
Where does the bayes rule can be used?

- Options:
  - A. Solving queries
  - B. Increasing complexity
  - C. Decreasing complexity
  - D. Answering probabilistic query

**Correct Option:** D. Answering probabilistic query

**Explanation:** Yes, the answer is correct.

---

**Question 89:**
How the entries in the full joint probability distribution can be calculated?

- Options:
  - A. Using variables
  - B. Using information
  - C. Both Using variables & information
  - D. None of the mentioned

**Correct Option:** B. Using information

**Explanation:** Yes, the answer is correct.

---

**Question 90:**
How the bayesian network can be used to answer any query?

- Options:
  - A. Full distribution
  - B. Joint distribution
  - C. Partial distribution
  - D. All of the mentioned

**Correct Option:** B. Joint distribution

**Explanation:** Yes, the answer is correct.

---
